Register and document volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach annotation (#37145)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation will be added to dynamic provisioning required PVC.

### volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach

Used on: Node

> If a node has set the annotation volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach on itself, then its attach and detach operations are being managed by the controller. The controller will automatically inspect all nodes for this annotation and act according to whether it is present or not.

Reviewer: I'd write:
```markdown
If a node has set the annotation `volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach`
on itself, then its storage attach and detach operations are being managed
by the FIXME
{{< glossary_tooltip text="controller" term_id="controller" >}}.
The FIXME controller automatically inspects all nodes for this annotation
and adapts its behavior according to whether the annotation is present or not.

The value of the annotation isn't important; if this annotation exists on a node,
then attach and detached are controller managed.
```

We should explain _which_ controller is doing that volume attach / detach management.

Author: @sftim  Could you please take a look here.

Reviewer: OK to mark this as resolved.

This annotation will be added to dynamic provisioning required PVC.

### volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach

Used on: Node

If a node has set the annotation `volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach`
on itself, then its storage attach and detach operations are being managed

> by the attach/detach controller running in kube-controller-manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the _volume attach/detach_
{{< glossary_tooltip text="controller" term_id="controller" >}} running within the
{{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kube-controller-manager" text="kube-controller-manager" >}}.
```

Some people call it the “attach/detach controller”; I prefer to include “volume” for clarity.

Author: Addressed the changes

The value of the annotation isn't important; if this annotation exists on a node,

> then attach and detached are controller managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then storage attaches and detaches are controller managed.
```

Author: Done

This annotation will be added to dynamic provisioning required PVC.

### volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach

> 

Reviewer: It'd be nice to have an example. That can come in a follow-up PR.

Used on: Node

If a node has set the annotation `volumes.kubernetes.io/controller-managed-attach-detach`
on itself, then its storage attach and detach operations are being managed
by the controller running on the cluster’s master.

> The cluster’s master controller automatically inspects all nodes for this annotation

Reviewer: > The cluster’s master controller automatically inspects all nodes for this annotation

It's not the “master controller”. @Kartik494 would you be willing to ask SIG Storage folks which controller it actually is?

Reviewer: Some candidates: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/pkg/controller/volume

Author: Sure i will do this

> > The cluster’s master controller automatically inspects all nodes for this annotation
> 
> It's not the “master controller”. @Kartik494 would you be willing to ask SIG Storage folks which controller it actually is?

Author: @kubernetes/sig-storage-pr-reviews i am a little confuse on opting for which controller inspect all nodes for this annotation. Could you please help me out.

Author: @sftim can you ping sig-storage pr reviewers to take a look into this,

Reviewer: @Kartik494 would **_you_** be willing to ask SIG Storage folks which controller it actually is?

Reviewer 2: It's attach/detach controller running in kube-controller-manager who inspects and acts on the annotation, for example [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/6bdda2da160043c5fcdfd25bbea9e1c1b804c9e5/pkg/controller/volume/attachdetach/attach_detach_controller.go#L899)

And node annotates itself based on `kubelet --enable-controller-attach-detach` cmdline flag or via corresponding kubelet config file field.

Author: @jsafrane thanks for suggestion on this , @sftim could you please take a look and let me know if this sounds good to you.

Reviewer: Thanks @jsafrane
